Docs-3487 SCALE 22.02 Reorg and Update Reporting Article Content (#1512)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALETutorials/Reporting/ConfigReportsScale.md

![ReportingCPUGraphs1SCALE](/images/SCALE/22.02/ReportingCPUGraphs1SCALE.png "CPU Reporting Usage and Temperature")

{{< expand "What does TrueNAS use for reporting?" "v" >}}
TrueNAS uses [Graphite](https://graphiteapp.org/ "Graphite Homepage") to gather metrics and create visualizations.

TrueNAS uses [collectd](https://collectd.org/) to provide reporting statistics. 
{{< /expand >}}

Reporting data is saved to permit viewing and monitoring usage trends over time.
This data is preserved across system upgrades and restarts.

{{< hint warning >}}
Because reporting data is written frequently do not store it on the boot pool or operating system device.

TrueNAS clears the report history when you change the report CPU, graph age, or graph points options.
{{< /hint >}}

Data files are saved in <file>/var/db/collectd/rrd/</file>.

## Configuring Report Settings
Click the <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Settings">settings</i> to open the **Reports Configuration** configuration screen where you control how TrueNAS displays the graphs.

![ReportsConfigurationSCALE](/images/SCALE/22.02/ReportsConfigurationSCALE.png "Reports Configuration")

> Select the general options you want to used in your TrueNAS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the general options you want to use in your TrueNAS.
```

> Specify either the host name or IP address of the [Graphite](https://graphiteapp.org/) server you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify either the hostname or IP address of the [Graphite](https://graphiteapp.org/) server you want to use.
```

Author: host name is two words unless you are talking about the CLI command hostname.
